well howdy there internet people
elizabeth again
so today we're going to talk about how
trump plans to win
what his reelection strategy is what are
the things that he's doing so far
that we can kind of pick apart and we
can see his whole campaign coming now
he's shown us enough and it's a good
campaign to be honest
um it's
it's won in the past doing it in this
exact manner
and it seems to be the template that
he's following so we're we're going to
go through it so we can kind of
know what to expect to see the first
thing is going to be
powerful displays of america
all right i mean like all of the symbols
of america of the united states
rush more you know the american flag all
the time
that sort of thing that that's going to
be an
overwhelming continuing theme throughout
his election
throughout his campaign
and while he's doing this he wants to
show that his family
and his close allies will they're in
control they've got it
this tight-knit circle where everybody's
loyal to trump
they're in control it's gonna make
people feel safe right so you're gonna
see ivanka
and all of those people that are just
staunch
trump supporters you're going to see
them constantly
throughout the campaign this is all
going to be backed up
by a support the troops type of rhetoric
but troop is going to be more broadly
defined this time
it's going to include militarized law
enforcement as well we're already
starting to see it
from some of his administration
officials you know when they're talking
about supporting our men and women in
uniform on the front lines
and they're talking about the cops in
portland so that's going to be a big
part of it
the military will reign supreme okay
and he has to do this and broaden it
to include the cops because he's going
to run
on a law and order platform
he's actually used those terms he's
going to run on a law and order platform
focus on crime and punishment
it's going to be a big recurring theme
he's going to do all of this at the same
time as he's
hammering on national security issues
over and over and over again
and it appears that he's going to focus
on china china china
everything is going to get attributed to
china
and that's going to be the main foreign
opposition as far as national security
he's going to intertwine a lot of
religious imagery and rhetoric
okay we've heard him say they're going
to destroy religion
and we've got that photo op with him in
the bible
this is going to be more common he's
going to continue to do this
and then he's going to have corporate
leaders back him up
from out of nowhere like goya okay
you're going to see that why are they
going to do it because corporate power
is protected under trump
the deregulation benefits them so
they're going to back him up so he stays
in power
this is the pro-trump
angle this is how we make people feel
safe and comfortable
and know that he's in control
that's one side of it the other side
is well it wouldn't be trump
if there wasn't opposition that's how he
always markets himself
duality good and bad right okay so we
have to identify
the bad guys first and it appears
that during this campaign it is going to
be the radical left which is good for
him
because it's something that's so broadly
defined nobody really knows what it is
so that's going to benefit him in a lot
of ways
um and because he's running on a order
platform
he's going to take that and kind of
use that uh that opposition the radical
left
he's going to promise mass arrests and
long prison sentences
all of the stuff like he did with the
monuments we can expect to see
that type of rhetoric continue all the
way until november
um he's going to try to reinforce
tradition traditional family roles
he'll probably come out well he already
has come out
against uh family planning stuff like
that
he's going to focus on creating an
america that is once again
dominated by strong
men that's the plan we've already seen
it
he has to undercut labor and this is a
tricky one for him but he's come up with
a really
unique way of doing it he has to
undercut labor because his policies are
protecting corporate power
so he has to find some way to kind of
downplay
labor the problem is a lot of these
labor unions
they're powerful so he has to be smart
about this one
he can't come at him directly now he may
say that he supports union x or whatever
the only union that you're going to see
him actively support through
action is going to be the police union
he's going to try to downplay the rest
some of them powerful like the teachers
union
so how do you get people to turn against
teachers
reopen the schools so then you have to
choose
between trump and the teachers and then
at the end of the day you have to choose
between trump
and the teachers union so we've got that
battle pitted
and then we're going to say well we have
to audit colleges and universities
because they may be teaching
anti-american stuff
a recent interview he said that schools
were teaching students to hate
america this is going to be a common
theme it's something that's going to
continue till november
we're gonna see these sorts of attacks
go against different labor unions
different labor groups
and they may not always be quite as
overt as this and easy to see
now anybody who calls him out on it fake
news he's got this down
he has this down already controlling
mass media
he's got it anybody who comes out
against him
whether it be a journalist or somebody
just asking a question
or pulls their fake news disregard them
don't don't listen to them i'm gonna
tweet out the outlets
that are good and anybody that goes too
far
i'm gonna threaten them with a lawsuit
so he's going to attempt to control the
narrative
that way rather than the traditional way
of creating photo ops
stuff like that he's going to attempt to
i don't want to say censor
because as of yet he hasn't used the
power of government to do it
but he's going to try to minimize the
effect of
journalists and then
the tricky part um is he has to suppress
the vote
because he is unpopular and he knows
that his ideas are unpopular
he has to make sure that the other side
doesn't turn out
in big numbers so he's going to find a
way
to go after melon voting republicans
will shut down
polling places in areas that favor
democrats
that's all this is already happening in
fact this entire list is already
happening
and then he did refuse
to say that he would concede the
election if he lost
so we may end up with i don't say
fraudulent
but i mean that that's where we're at
that's going to be the campaign there's
no reason to worry about that last part
until it gets here you know
because after all this is just a
14-point campaign strategy
it's literally fascism
if you were listening to this and you
are a trump supporter and you're
thinking hey
this sounds like a good idea i like all
this this would all appeal to me
i got some bad news for you 14
characteristics of fascism
powerful and continuing nationalism
rushmore
disdain for recognition of human rights
and actually in the summary here it
talks about long prison sentences and
mass arrests all that stuff
identification of enemies and scapegoats
supremacy of the military support the
troops buddy
rampant sexism that's reinforcing those
traditional roles
controlled mass media obsession with
national security china china china
religion and government intertwined
there is nothing more fascistic
than using militarized police to clear a
demonstration so you can take a picture
holding a bible
uh corporate power being protected labor
power being suppressed disdain for
intellectuals and the arts going against
the teachers
obsession with crime and punishment law
and order rampant cronyism and
corruption
you know like nepotism definitely falls
under cronyism
corruption you know constantly going to
your own hotels
on the taxpayer dime and then fraudulent
elections
through uh yeah all the stuff i named
he's literally running a campaign
a referendum on fascism
this isn't theory anymore you know
there's an older video of mine where i
said hey
this is what he's going to do he's done
it
here it is plain as day using the same
list
this is his campaign strategy
if you are a trump supporter please
remember
that there were a bunch of germans and a
bunch of italians
people who just loved their country they
loved
what they heard and they didn't see the
danger
they didn't understand what was
happening
because they had fallen for somebody who
was charismatic
on some level
i hope it sounds familiar because it's
happening right
now it's no longer a question of
it can't happen here or even admitting
that it can
happen here it is happening here
right now
anyway it's just a thought you have a
good day